# record name, japanese name, alphabet, title
machiyama,待山,Kazusige Machiyama
sinozaki,篠崎,Ikuo Shinozaki,会計
takashi,タカシ,Takashi
sakurai,桜井,Atsushi Sakurai,マネージャ
suzuki,鈴木,Kouichi Suzuki
hiro,林(弘),Hiroyuki Hayashi,サブマネ
dai,平岡,Daisuke Hiraoka
sophia,篠原,Akihito Shinohara
y-osa,山下,Osafumi Yamashita
kurachi,倉知,Hideaki Kurachi
takemoto,竹本,Makoto Takemoto,監督
mizutani,水谷,Takehiko Mizutani
ekimura,木村,Eiji Kimura,主将
fujinaga,藤永,Takayuki Fujinaga
takasu,高須,Mitsuru Takasu
kawahara,川原,Kawahara
itoh,伊藤,Itoh
oomi,大海,Ohmi
ehara,江原,Tadashi Ehara
tamotsu,池田,Ikeda
mine,峯山,Toru Mineyama
sueyoshi,末吉,Sueyoshi
ogata,小方,Kiyoshi Ogata
haya,林(カ),Kaoru Hayashi
tshimizu,清水,Shimizu
arai,アライ,Arai
fuchida,淵田,Fuchida
saitoh,サイトウ,Saitoh
hazedon,はぜ,Haze
siozawa,塩澤,Hiroyuki Shiozawa
juzu,数珠,Jyuzu
tanaka,田中,Tanaka
nakajima,中島,Nakajima
ohta,大田,Ohta
ohnishi,オオニシ,Ohnishi
tsuchie,土江,Tsuchie
sugioka,杉岡,Sugioka
kojiro,光次郎,Kojiro
okiyama,沖山,Okiyama
etoh,衛藤,Etoh
saito,斉藤,Saito
hirose,広瀬,Hirose
